simulators/Buffer.java
 simulators.Buffer
simulators/PM10Simulator.java
 simulators.PM10Simulator
simulators/Measurement.java
 simulators.Measurement
modules/AddTaxiResponse.java
 modules.AddTaxiResponse
modules/ReportRides.java
 modules.ReportRides
MQTT/SETA.java
 MQTT.SETA
REST/AdministratorClient.java
 REST.AdministratorClient
REST/services/ReportService.java
 REST.services.ReportService
modules/Reports.java
 modules.Reports
proto/Definition.java
 proto.Definition
 proto.Definition$1
 proto.Definition$Position
 proto.Definition$Position$1
 proto.Definition$Position$Builder
 proto.Definition$PositionOrBuilder
 proto.Definition$RechargeRequest
 proto.Definition$RechargeRequest$1
 proto.Definition$RechargeRequest$Builder
 proto.Definition$RechargeRequestOrBuilder
 proto.Definition$RechargeResponse
 proto.Definition$RechargeResponse$1
 proto.Definition$RechargeResponse$Builder
 proto.Definition$RechargeResponseOrBuilder
 proto.Definition$Ride
 proto.Definition$Ride$1
 proto.Definition$Ride$Builder
 proto.Definition$RideOrBuilder
 proto.Definition$RideRequest
 proto.Definition$RideRequest$1
 proto.Definition$RideRequest$Builder
 proto.Definition$RideRequestOrBuilder
 proto.Definition$RideResponse
 proto.Definition$RideResponse$1
 proto.Definition$RideResponse$Builder
 proto.Definition$RideResponseOrBuilder
 proto.Definition$WelcomeMessage
 proto.Definition$WelcomeMessage$1
 proto.Definition$WelcomeMessage$Builder
 proto.Definition$WelcomeMessageOrBuilder
 proto.Definition$WelcomeResponse
 proto.Definition$WelcomeResponse$1
 proto.Definition$WelcomeResponse$Builder
 proto.Definition$WelcomeResponseOrBuilder
modules/Log.java
 modules.Log
taxi/threads/RechargeLockServer.java
 taxi.threads.RechargeLockServer
modules/Report.java
 modules.Report
modules/Position.java
 modules.Position
REST/AdministratorServer.java
 REST.AdministratorServer
proto/ManagerGrpc.java
 proto.ManagerGrpc
 proto.ManagerGrpc$1
 proto.ManagerGrpc$ManagerBaseDescriptorSupplier
 proto.ManagerGrpc$ManagerBlockingStub
 proto.ManagerGrpc$ManagerFileDescriptorSupplier
 proto.ManagerGrpc$ManagerFutureStub
 proto.ManagerGrpc$ManagerImplBase
 proto.ManagerGrpc$ManagerMethodDescriptorSupplier
 proto.ManagerGrpc$ManagerStub
 proto.ManagerGrpc$MethodHandlers
simulators/Simulator.java
 simulators.Simulator
MQTT/Rides.java
 MQTT.Rides
MQTT/Ride.java
 MQTT.Ride
taxi/threads/ReportThread.java
 taxi.threads.ReportThread
taxi/threads/RideRequestThread.java
 taxi.threads.RideLock
 taxi.threads.RideRequestThread
REST/services/TaxiService.java
 REST.services.TaxiService
taxi/threads/RechargeManagementThread.java
 taxi.threads.RechargeManagementThread
 taxi.threads.RechargeManagementThread$1
taxi/threads/RideManagementThread.java
 taxi.threads.RideManagementThread
 taxi.threads.RideManagementThread$1
modules/TaxiBuffer.java
 modules.TaxiBuffer
modules/Taxi.java
 modules.Taxi
taxi/threads/RideThread.java
 taxi.threads.RideThread
taxi/TaxiProcess.java
 taxi.TaxiProcess
modules/Taxis.java
 modules.Taxis
taxi/threads/RechargeRequestThread.java
 taxi.threads.RechargeLock
 taxi.threads.RechargeRequestThread
taxi/threads/WelcomeThread.java
 taxi.threads.WelcomeThread
 taxi.threads.WelcomeThread$1
taxi/threads/SETARideRequestThread.java
 taxi.threads.SETARideRequestThread
 taxi.threads.SETARideRequestThread$1
GRPC/GRPCTaxiServer.java
 GRPC.GRPCTaxiServer
GRPC/ManagerImpl.java
 GRPC.ManagerImpl
